e Hello everyone, I'm Yüksel, I hope
you are all well, as you know, in the
previous video, I showed you various photos of walnutt mobile,
try those photos, they shared the wire,
again as a source, this time
I will show you the gameplay video as a source,
the image quality will be bad because it is a troublesome video.
In
addition, as you can see
, the match finding screen
appears. Arda has a lower selection
screen. Of course,
normal warrenton is not much different in the normal game.
During this pilates
, they use 7 characters for now. These are Jet fenix
Reina 13 skysaw and killjoy In some
places in between  You can see black Shines.
I really
like it Normal I'm waiting for an interface change here too
If our
selected agents
are shown in this way larger I think
it might be cool here are
various tutorial tips and so on before you start the game without entering the map
they specify them
mom Spike definition and so on here
you can buy it where you can move
etc
There are markers Both
because it is in the early testing phase and
because the video quality I use as a source is
bad, of course, you may
not like İpek.
If your computer
is having problems removing the current and ratio,
you are getting very low express there at the moment. You
probably get this
mobile game from safety students to your
computer by playing
the game in a more comfortable way.  You will be able to
reiterate that there will be no Cross Play
between this for mobile on the computer,
so you will not
encounter the players on the mobile while you are playing on the computer
.
You know, I don't know about mobile players, so I don't know
how mobile players will play
it, but it seems like a very complicated screen for me, what
they
will show in general and what I will say is this
way. We will meet with better
quality, more detailed images in the future There are those
who do not want War and Mobile to come, there are those who
love it to come
Do not forget to mention them in the comments section.
By the way, here are the Jetta
jetinno blown, are there three water
varus id6 spheres I hope I am not
a harbinger of one of the future updates
, anyway, I will like to like this video.
Don't forget to subscribe to anal and turn on
notifications
Thanks for watching and have a nice day
Take care o
[Music]
Subscribe